Take ARM Cortex-M M0 and M4 processors as an example, compare the advantages of Von Neumann architecture and the Harvard architecture for these two processors. (5%)

Translate the following C statements into an assembly program and explain the meanings, you can use any general-purpose registers, and ARM instructions: (10%)
int MAC(int a, int b, int c) {
  return ((a*b) + c);
}

It is required to swap the data of two registers R1 and R2, which are part of the processor architecture. (10%)
- Write the code to do it using only PUSH and POP operations.
- Write the code to do it by using register transfer instructions.
- Compare the two methods and explain why one method is superior to the other in terms of time expended.

Explain the functionality of different memory types, data segment, code segment, stack, heap. Use a C program to illustrate the idea. (10%)

A RISC Computer has a 32-bit instruction format with 1) Opcode: 8-bits, 2) 3 register fields, each of 4 bits, 3) A 4-bit field for "condition". The remaining bits are for information pertaining to the processor. Please show your calculations.
1) What is the maximum number of operations possible?
2) How many combinations of three registers are possible?
3) How many conditions can be accommodated?
4) How many registers are possible?

Explain the meaning of Registers->Core, Thread and Call Stack with the support from the figure below? Explain the concept of why "A procedure call has more overheads than a jump instruction". (10%)

Describe the relationship between an embedded system and System-on-Chip in less than 200 words, and what are the differences between a microprocessor and an MCU? (10%)

What are the similarities and differences between Keil Studio and Mbed? In addition, please also elaborate on the difference between ARMv8-A and ARMv9. What is the architecture that Cortex-M4 is using? (10%)

We take Microbit v1 as an example. Describe the process technology used, How many pipeline stages and interrupts are there? Please illustrate the movement of instruction, such as the 32-bit hardware integer multiply with 32-bit result in these pipelines. (10%)

Given an 8-bit ALU with outputs F7 to F0 and available Carries C8 and C7, show the logic circuit / Boolean function for generating the signals for the four status bits N, Z, V, C. (5%)

Describe the term “instruction” and “instruction set architecture (ISA)”. Accordingly to the knowledge you have learned in our course, explain what is required when we add a new instruction to a System-on-Chip. (10%)